doc(litepaper): gno (lang, vm, exec) (#59)
gnolang/genesis: LITEPAPER.md

## Gno

### The Gno Language

> Gno is approximately 99% compatible with Go 1.17. Developers write standard Go

Author: ```suggestion
Gno is based on Go 1.17. Developers write standard Go
```
